Hi friends, my name is Shashank, and you are watching
To Insurance. Today I have a
great plan for you, so be sure to
watch till the end. ICICI has launched a new health insurance
plan, and it has some
features that you will find very interesting.
But before sharing the details of this plan, let's
talk a little
about To Insurance. We are To Insurance, an insurance advisory
platform that
makes insurance easy and easy for you. Be it health
insurance or term plans, we give you the right advice without
any jargon and without any hidden agenda. The
link is in the description. Quickly book your free call with us.
Now let's talk about the IIT Lottery
Elevate plan and see why this plan can be
special for you. Ready?
Let's get started. A quick introduction
about IIT Lottery. It
is a joint venture between ICICI Bank and Canada's Fairfax
Holdings. It is
one of the largest general insurance companies in India. Its
product lineup is also quite wide, including motor,
travel, home, health, and property insurance.
And what makes it interesting is
its metrics. Listen to them.  The claim
settlement ratio is
85.22 with 1400
claims. ICICI
Laravel is also quite accessible with hospitals. Let us now come to the
details of ICICI Laravel Elevate plan.
Who is this plan perfect for? If you
want to cover surrogate mother and third-party donor expenses, then this plan is for you.
It is also a good option for maternity coverage, with a
waiting period of only one
or two years. The coverage options are also quite wide.
You can avail sum instalments ranging from ₹5 lakh to unlimited. Eligibility is also
simple: 18 years to lifelong for adults
and 91 days to 30 years for children.
Talking about the basic policy features,
friends, there are room print restrictions in this, which
means if you
choose a more fancy room than a single private room, then you will have to pay a part of the
bill. There are no copayment and
disease-wise sub-limits. There is
also pre- and post-hospitalization cover for 90
days and 180 days respectively, domiciliary.  Medical
treatments are also covered and AYUSH treatment
is also covered up to some in short and a stand out
feature is the restoration benefit which you can
use unlimited times for any
illnesses Yes and the waiting periods are also quite
reasonable 3 years for pre-existing conditions
and one or two years for specific illnesses The
list of specific illnesses will be
on your list, do pause and check Now let's
talk about the stand out features of this plan
Surrogate and UIT cover Coverage up to Rs 5 lakh for
surrogacy and UIT donor expenses
Waiting period for PDs like diabetes, hypertension is only 30 days Maternity cover
Child birth expenses are covered in this and
maximum up to Rs 1 lakh with a one to two year
waiting period
Add-ons are special because of their add ons Let's
look at some popular add ons
Reduction in pre-existing diseases
waiting period Waiting period reduced from 36 months to
24 or 12  Claim is covered up to 12 months
Excluded items like protector, gloves, syringes and PP kits are also covered
Power Booster Every year you
get a bonus of 100 times the base insurance and this is without
any maximum limit Now
talking about pricing, the rates of this plan are very
competitive Let us see how much will be the 10 lakh coverage for a 30 year old
person Rs.
8051 for one adult and Rs.
1167 for two adults and Rs. 15654 for two adults plus one child
and if we compare then it is
much more affordable than Care Supreme and Optima Secure
but every plan has some drawbacks Let us
see some drawbacks of Lord Elevate, there is
no inbuilt health checkup in it, so if you take it as an add
on then only you can avail
this feature and it has low bonus, meaning
you get only 20 to 100% loyalty bonus and their CSR which I had
told that  It is at 85, which is a bit low
because it is recommended at 90. Another problem is
their network hospitals, which are only 7500.
Compared to other insurances, it is a
bit low. Now coming to the question, is
this plan value for money? Yes, the
price is justified as per the features and coverage,
but there are better alternatives as well.
Friends, ICICI Lord Elevate is a solid pick,
especially if you want to cover surrogacy or Usai donor
expenses, but
ICICI needs to work on post-sales services and credibility. So
friends, this was the
detailed breakdown of the ICICI Lord Elevate plan. If you
found it helpful, don't forget to like and subscribe.
If you have any questions,
please ask in the comments. And if you want to talk to us,
book a free call. The
link is in the description. See you
in the next episode where we will record more plans. Till then, take
care of yourself and happy
insurance hunting.